Juliana and I have been friends
for a few years,
and we have been getting to know
each other better for several months.
Things were going really well between us.
I must say, when Nick asked me
to join some friends
for a little get-together at the park,
I was getting suspicious
when both our families were there.
I said, “Yes!”
I couldn’t believe she didn’t see it coming.
We were both so excited,
and word spread fast!
At the meeting the next day,
everyone was congratulating us
—my friend Natalie especially.
She was full of ideas.
I couldn’t wait to start making plans.
I never realized
how much goes into a wedding.
And everyone had
their own ideas of what we needed
—even Dad!
We had to think about who we would invite,
pick out flowers, decorations,
a suit for Nick and, of course, a dress!
This was going to be
so much fun
—or so I thought.
I soon found out there’s
a whole wedding-related industry out there.
They were trying to be helpful but,
at the same time,
this is how they make money.
It seemed like nothing they had was modest.
And the cost for something
I would only wear for one day
—I couldn’t afford that!
Everyone was so happy for me,
but inside I was really starting
to feel the pressure.
When we met back at Juliana’s home,
I was pretty confused.
She had been so happy a few days ago,
but now she was so stressed out.
It was like nobody
was listening to what we wanted.
But to be honest,
I’m not sure we knew
what we wanted either.
I thought it would be good
if maybe we could just take some time
and think about what a Christian wedding
should really be like.
We had a meeting with Brother Grey
and Brother Sharp the next day
to discuss using the Kingdom Hall
for our wedding.
They gave us some helpful reminders,
and I’m so glad they did.
First Corinthians 10:31 says:
“Whether you are eating
or drinking or doing anything else,
do all things for God’s glory.”
Brother Sharp helped us to see
that a wedding is a spiritual occasion,
and we need to keep
Jehovah’s standards in mind
when we plan for what we will
or won’t choose to include.
Brother Grey showed us 1 John 2:15, 16:
“Do not love either the world
or the things in the world.
“. . . Because everything in the world
“—the desire of the flesh
and the desire of the eyes
“and the showy display
of one’s means of life—
. . . originates with the world.”
He reminded us that what
the world views as normal
is far different from Christian standards
and that we can be a good example
by making sure our choices please Jehovah.
They even gave us a few articles
about wedding arrangements to review.
They wanted to make sure we would have
a happy occasion with nothing to regret.
I asked Brother Sharp
if he would be our director of the feast
to help keep things coordinated,
and he suggested that we talk
about it over dinner that night.
On the way there,
we passed by a photography studio.
I couldn’t believe how lavish
and showy some weddings are.
It looked more like an excuse to party
instead of something
that’s supposed to honor God.
It reminded me of the book of Galatians:
“Now the works of the flesh are . . .
drunkenness, wild parties,
and things like these.”
We didn’t want to do anything like that.
We each took the time
to prayerfully consider
the material the brothers gave us.
We saw that Scriptural principles
can even help us plan a wedding
that’s affordable,
enjoyable for everyone,
and a day that honors Jehovah.
It looked like we needed
to make some adjustments.
We couldn’t include
everything we originally thought
—some things were just too expensive.
And we wanted to make sure
that none of our choices
reflected the spirit of the world.
So we decided to start over
and make sure we
were doing things Jehovah’s way.
First Timothy 2:9 says that a Christian
“should adorn themselves
in appropriate [or “respectable”] dress,
with modesty and soundness of mind.”
It took some work,
but we were able
to find something affordable,
appropriate,
and beautiful.
I was able to find a nice suit
—something I could even wear later.
And of course, the girls came by
to make sure that everything matched.
Time went by so fast.
I called Brother Sharp
so he could help us follow through
on the day of the wedding.
Before we knew it,
we were sending out invitations
and finalizing all the details.
When my dad walked me
down the aisle that day,
I was so excited.
Juliana was so beautiful!
And the ceremony was just perfect.
After all that planning we did,
we were sure to make it legal.
When looking back at our photos,
it brings back so many good memories.
I was so happy
with how nice everything turned out.
And when we saw
what a great job our friends had done
decorating the reception,
I couldn’t believe my eyes.
It was perfect
—simple,
dignified.
Our friends all told us that it was
one of the nicest weddings they’ve been to.
Everything that day
was just what we wanted.
It even stayed on budget.
And most importantly,
we got our marriage off to a good start
with Jehovah’s help.
I’m so happy we found each other.
I’m so happy I found you too, Love.
And I know we’ll stay happy
if we keep Jehovah first.